[Music]
a simple test that will show if you are
a genuine introvert hey look we're all
complex people and have many different
traits and our characters in this great
because it makes each of us a unique
person right but have you ever wondered
what type of personality you have
according to statistics the majority of
people are extroverts and their eyes are
looking to the outside world introverts
are a smaller group it is believed that
it's easier for them to focus that's why
they can cope with our test without
difficulty and then there are ambiverts
they are right in the middle and have
the best of both worlds
but what type are you it's time to find
out more about yourself just look at a
couple of pictures and try to find the
hidden items in them picture number one
[Music]
let's start with this picture right here
so many jellyfish shells seahorses kind
of reminds me of the sea a warm summer
breeze sorry I got a little distracted
here so your task is simple find a
course on or if you have a bad fresh
accent a coal hole I apologize for that
you have 15 seconds to complete this
task don't forget that you can always
stop the video if you need more time
your time starts now
[Music]
and that's it
did you find it yeah it's right there on
the right side of the picture between
this big shell and jellyfish yeah that
was quite easy right but don't relax
just yet
we have a couple more pictures to come
picture number two even more jellyfish I
clearly cannot stop thinking about
seaside but let's get back to our test
among all these jellyfish hides an air
balloon those are cool right find it to
pass this challenge this one is a bit
harder right but there it is the fifth
row right between red and violet
jellyfish hey you're doing a great job
now let's test your abilities once again
with the next picture picture number
three now let's look at all these
different colored birds they kind of
look like the Twitter bird logo right
but it's not only birds here among them
there is a snail or a scar goal alright
enough of that try to find it you have
15 seconds
took me some time to find it but here it
is second last row between these two
cute bluebirds did you find this
challenging don't relax just yet let's
see what we prepared for you next it's
getting harder and harder but who said
it'd be easy right so here is your next
picture loads of different kinds of
balls but among them there is a button
do you think you can find it let's see
time's up
did you find it no I didn't find it to
daughter well for you others you're
right
it's second-last in the fifth row nice
job here it took me more time to find it
than I thought but let's move along to
the next picture picture number five
here we have loads of peacocks and other
birds looks a bit fancier than the last
one but it's not that easy
here you'll have to find a butterfly
let's see how well you'll do here your
time starts now
[Music]
wow that was hard wasn't it I almost ran
out of time until I was able to spot it
but there it is right next to this blue
peacocks tail were you able to find it
now let's see what's next
picture number six now with this picture
we can see tons of food oh I'm getting
that kind of hungry aren't you
well I'm probably gonna grab an ice
cream after we're done here
but anyways among all these delicious
sweets there is a cup of coffee which I
wouldn't refuse to have right now either
so let's find it and the time is up so
where's a cup of coffee
well ah there it is I found it only only
fourteenth second I got distracted with
two of these huge cakes right here yeah
all right now let's see what picture
number seven looks like picture number
seven in this picture I see a lot of
leaves and you actually it's not that
sample among them hides a turtle and
it's your job to find it your 15 seconds
starts now
[Music]
and that's it so did you find it it's
right here next to these yellow and
green leaves oh you're kidding me now
prepare yourself for the hardest last
picture let's see what it is though I
can't wait
picture number 8 way too many fish here
cause these seaside flashbacks from the
first pictures start coming back but
don't let anything distract you there is
candy in this picture and you have to
find it
so closely pay attention to all the
details you have 15 seconds
[Music]
yes this is for sure the hardest picture
it took some time but I was finally able
to find it
see right there next to two blue fish
and one yellow one oh hey good for you
and that's it for the test did you find
it interesting give us a thumbs up if
you did and now it's time to find out
your true personality type finally you
probably think how exactly can these
tasks reveal anything about my
personality if you found the items
easily then you can be referred to as an
introvert you possess unique observation
skills and you know how to focus and see
the tiniest details you prefer to be by
yourself rather than inside and noisy
get together and feel a bit tired after
you've spent hours communicating with
others instead of going to the big party
you will most probably just stay home
and read a book or watch the last
episode of your favorite TV show which
you were too busy to catch up before and
you will still have a great time you'll
love to explore your imagination and
create new ideas in your mind you don't
just become friends with people right
away you need some time to get to know
the person and find out what he or she
is all about you don't have that many
friends but you deeply care about each
one of them and you know that they truly
care about you as well you're creative
and enjoy showing your vision of the
world through drawing poetry music
acting etc you don't like to show your
emotions that much and keep a lot of
things in still you're a great friend
and a very talented person Monsieur you
hit the nail on the head visit one eye
very talented now don't forget you can
also find out even more information
about yourself in our other tests for
example this one you'll just have to
choose a figure you like the most and it
will easily reveal some hidden traits of
your personality check it out and now
let's talk about the next type if you
become bored looking for the items and
lost your patience then you are probably
an extrovert you are an active and
emotional human being you're completely
different from the previous type you
will most probably become the life of
the party even if nobody knew you when
you got there after you've spent loads
of time communicating you feel energized
and inspired by other people you like to
have conversations with others and you
know how to attract attention you have a
lot of friends and a long list of
acquaintances and you enjoy getting to
know new people and to make new friends
you're open to everything that's going
on in your life and you tend to react
emotionally in most of the situations
it's hard for you to stay in one place
you want to try everything you find
interesting for you
spending time with others is a true
relaxation it helps you find the energy
that you need you're very funny and
witty but a lot of the times you get
bored rather quickly and don't finish
something that seemed exciting to you
before just because you find the passion
in something else you're a nice person
and a true joy to hang out with oh that
describes me too maybe I swing both ways
well finally if you experience
difficulties but still pass the test
then you are an ambivert a rare type of
personality you are probably confused
listening about introverts and
extroverts because you could find
similar traits to your character in both
of these descriptions well that's
because you're right in the middle of
the spectrum you are a person of many
talents you know how to adapt to
different environments and you find it
easy to talk to almost everyone you're
confident in yourself and you feel
comfortable in pretty much every social
situation one
weekend you may party hard and the other
just stay at home in your pajamas grab a
popcorn and watch a movie either way
you'll have a great time and feel
relaxed you have a great intuition and
know exactly how to find common ground
with any person you want you are a
natural-born leader who can inspire
different kinds of people and gather
around the best out of the best oh this
is true my great great great grandfather
was Napoleon well cheers to you for
combining seemingly completely different
traits of personality and ways of life
perfectly and being a very versatile
person well actually he knew Napoleon
actually he showed Napoleon's horse okay
so what type are you did the results
coincide with your expectations tell us
in the comment section below don't
forget to give us a like and share this
video with all of your friends and
family to find out more about them be
sure to subscribe to our channel to join
us on the bright side of life